# Asset Types

Particle Effect;Particle Effect

# Component Types

ezParticleComponent;Particle;;https://ezengine.net/pages/docs/effects/particle-effects/particle-effect-component.html

# UI

PFX.Restart;Restart
PFX.AutoRestart;Loop
PFX.Pause;Pause
PFX.Speed.Menu;Simulation Speed
PFX.Speed.01;10%
PFX.Speed.025;25%
PFX.Speed.05;50%
PFX.Speed.1;100%
PFX.Speed.15;150%
PFX.Speed.2;200%
PFX.Speed.3;300%
PFX.Speed.4;400%
PFX.Speed.5;500%
PFX.Speed.10;1000%
PFX.Render.Visualizers;Render Visualizers

# Enums

ezParticleTypeRenderMode::BlendedForeground;Blended (Foreground)
ezParticleTypeRenderMode::BlendedBackground;Blended (Background)

ezEffectInvisibleUpdateRate::Max20fps;Max 20 FPS
ezEffectInvisibleUpdateRate::Max10fps;Max 10 FPS
ezEffectInvisibleUpdateRate::Max5fps;Max 5 FPS

ezParticleTextureAtlasType::RandomYAnimatedX;Random Row, Animated Column

ezParticleBehaviorFactory_ColorGradient;Color Gradient
ezParticleBehaviorFactory_Velocity;Velocity
ezParticleBehaviorFactory_Gravity;Gravity
ezParticleBehaviorFactory_Raycast;Raycast
ezParticleBehaviorFactory_FadeOut;Fade Out
ezParticleBehaviorFactory_PullAlong;Pull Along
ezParticleBehaviorFactory_SizeCurve;Size Curve
ezParticleBehaviorFactory_Flies;Flies
ezParticleBehaviorFactory_Bounds;Bounds

ezParticleEmitterFactory_Continuous;Continuous
ezParticleEmitterFactory_OnEvent;On Event
ezParticleEmitterFactory_Burst;Burst
ezParticleEmitterFactory_Distance;Distance

ezParticleInitializerFactory_BoxPosition;Box Position
ezParticleInitializerFactory_CylinderPosition;Cylinder Position
ezParticleInitializerFactory_RandomColor;Random Color
ezParticleInitializerFactory_RandomSize;Random Size
ezParticleInitializerFactory_RandomRotationSpeed;Rotation Speed
ezParticleInitializerFactory_SpherePosition;Sphere Position
ezParticleInitializerFactory_VelocityCone;Velocity Cone

ezParticleEventReactionFactory_Effect;Effect Reaction
ezParticleEventReactionFactory_Prefab;Prefab Reaction

ezQuadParticleOrientation::Rotating_OrthoEmitterDir;Rotating: Ortho Emitter Dir
ezQuadParticleOrientation::Rotating_EmitterDir;Rotating: Emitter Dir
ezQuadParticleOrientation::Fixed_EmitterDir;Fixed: Emitter Dir
ezQuadParticleOrientation::Fixed_RandomDir;Fixed: Random Dir
ezQuadParticleOrientation::Fixed_WorldUp;Fixed: World Up
ezQuadParticleOrientation::FixedAxis_EmitterDir;Axis: Emitter Dir
ezQuadParticleOrientation::FixedAxis_ParticleDir;Axis: Particle Dir

ezParticleTypeTrailFactory;Trail
ezParticleTypeMeshFactory;Mesh
ezParticleTypeQuadFactory;Quad
ezParticleTypeLightFactory;Light
ezParticleTypeEffectFactory;Effect
ezParticleTypePointFactory;Point

# Properties

ezParticleEffectDescriptor::PreSimulateDuration;Pre-Simulate Duration
ezParticleEffectDescriptor::SimulateInLocalSpace;Simulate In Local-Space

ezParticleBehaviorFactory_Bounds::OutOfBoundsMode;Out-Of-Bounds Mode
