# Asset Types

RenderPipeline;Render Pipeline

# Enums

ezGALResourceFormat::RGBAFloat;RGBA Float
ezGALResourceFormat::RGBAUInt;RGBA UInt
ezGALResourceFormat::RGBAInt;RGBA Int
ezGALResourceFormat::RGBFloat;RGB Float
ezGALResourceFormat::RGBUInt;RGB UInt
ezGALResourceFormat::RGBInt;RGB Int
ezGALResourceFormat::B5G6R5UNormalized;B5G6R5 UNormalized
ezGALResourceFormat::BGRAUByteNormalized;BGRA UByte Normalized
ezGALResourceFormat::BGRAUByteNormalizedsRGB;BGRA UByte Normalized sRGB
ezGALResourceFormat::RGBAHalf;RGBA Half
ezGALResourceFormat::RGBAUShort;RGBA UShort
ezGALResourceFormat::RGBAUShortNormalized;RGBA UShort Normalized
ezGALResourceFormat::RGBAShort;RGBA Short
ezGALResourceFormat::RGBAShortNormalized;RGBA Short Normalized
ezGALResourceFormat::RGFloat;RG Float
ezGALResourceFormat::RGUInt;RG UInt
ezGALResourceFormat::RGInt;RG Int
ezGALResourceFormat::RGB10A2UInt;RGB10A2 UInt
ezGALResourceFormat::RGB10A2UIntNormalized;RGB10A2 UInt Normalized
ezGALResourceFormat::RG11B10Float;RG11B10 Float
ezGALResourceFormat::RGBAUByteNormalized;RGBA UByte Normalized
ezGALResourceFormat::RGBAUByteNormalizedsRGB;RGBA UByte Normalized sRGB
ezGALResourceFormat::RGBAUByte;RGBA UByte
ezGALResourceFormat::RGBAByteNormalized;RGBA Byte Normalized
ezGALResourceFormat::RGBAByte;RGBA Byte
ezGALResourceFormat::RGHalf;RG Half
ezGALResourceFormat::RGUShort;RG UShort
ezGALResourceFormat::RGUShortNormalized;RG UShort Normalized
ezGALResourceFormat::RGShort;RG Short
ezGALResourceFormat::RGShortNormalized;RG Short Normalized
ezGALResourceFormat::RGUByte;RG UByte
ezGALResourceFormat::RGUByteNormalized;RG UByte Normalized
ezGALResourceFormat::RGByte;RG Byte
ezGALResourceFormat::RGByteNormalized;RG Byte Normalized
ezGALResourceFormat::DFloat;Depth Float
ezGALResourceFormat::RFloat;R Float
ezGALResourceFormat::RUInt;R UInt
ezGALResourceFormat::RInt;R Int
ezGALResourceFormat::RHalf;R Half
ezGALResourceFormat::RUShort;R UShort
ezGALResourceFormat::RUShortNormalized;RU Short Normalized
ezGALResourceFormat::RShort;R Short
ezGALResourceFormat::RShortNormalized;R Short Normalized
ezGALResourceFormat::RUByte;R UByte
ezGALResourceFormat::RUByteNormalized;R UByte Normalized
ezGALResourceFormat::RByte;R Byte
ezGALResourceFormat::RByteNormalized;R Byte Normalized
ezGALResourceFormat::AUByteNormalized;A UByte Normalized
ezGALResourceFormat::D16;Depth 16
ezGALResourceFormat::D24S8;Depth 24 Stencil 8
ezGALResourceFormat::BC1;BC1
ezGALResourceFormat::BC1sRGB;BC1 sRGB
ezGALResourceFormat::BC2;BC2
ezGALResourceFormat::BC2sRGB;BC2 sRGB
ezGALResourceFormat::BC3;BC3
ezGALResourceFormat::BC3sRGB;BC3 sRGB
ezGALResourceFormat::BC4UNormalized;BC4 UNormalized
ezGALResourceFormat::BC4Normalized;BC4 Normalized
ezGALResourceFormat::BC5UNormalized;BC5 UNormalized
ezGALResourceFormat::BC5Normalized;BC5 Normalized
ezGALResourceFormat::BC6UFloat;BC6 UFloat
ezGALResourceFormat::BC6Float;BC6 Float
ezGALResourceFormat::BC7UNormalized;BC7 UNormalized
ezGALResourceFormat::BC7UNormalizedsRGB;BC7 UNormalized sRGB

ezGALMSAASampleCount::TwoSamples;2 Samples
ezGALMSAASampleCount::FourSamples;4 Samples
ezGALMSAASampleCount::EightSamples;8 Samples

ezLSAODepthCompareFunction::NormalAndSampleDistance;Normal And Sample-Distance

ezImguiExtractor;ImGUI Extractor
